docs: add manual uninstall instructions (#17)
fteem/git-semantic-commits: README.md

* ```git rf "commit message here"``` -> ```git commit -m 'refactor: commit message here'```
* ```git ch "commit message here"``` -> ```git commit -m 'chore: commit message here'```

> ## (Manual) Uninstall

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Uninstallation
```

You can manually uninstall `git-semantic-commits` by:

> * Going to `~/.gitconfig` and removing the added aliases.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Removing the added aliases from `~/.gitconfig`.
```

> * Going to `.basrc` and removing the line added to the `$PATH` variable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Removing the line added to the `$PATH` variable from `~/.bashrc`.
```
